W1D1 - 
    Internet-is a connection of local computer networks all over the world. It includes WWW, email, chat online games services and more
    Layers of communication protocols are: IP then TCP/UDP then HTTP/HTTPS/POP/FTP and more
    IP stands for Internet protocol(underlining system of communication for every information exchanged across Internet).
    TCP stands for Transmission Control Protocol(guarantees that messages are delivered).
    Web servers are softwares that listen web requests.(IIS, Apache, ..)
    Web browsers - gets/displays information recieved from web servers (Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, ...).
    Sort of servers that saves ip andresses and written unique names as a key value pairs.
    URL -stands for Uniform Resource Locator, identifier of web addresses with written words with dot separated values
    HTML - hypertext markup language
    Block level elements always start on a new line and takes all available width fully.
    </hr> is horizontal rule
W1D2 - Basic CSS (Cascading style sheets) 
    Mostly used CSS properties are page's background, color, text, font and lists
    CSS comments are /*this is comment*/
    CSS syntax rule:
    selector{
        property: value;
        property: value: ...
    }
    One CSS rule can be overridden by another, when another one is more specific(written last if equal specific)
W1D3 - CSS page layouts
    When it comes to Layouts, all html elements consists of: content, padding, border, margin.
    visibility: hidden -> hides element, but its place will be empty. 
    display:none; hides element as if it does not exist in current page.
    float -> elements can be placed eather right or right side of containing box by setting float: right/left; rule.
W1D4 - Responsive design
    When making web page, developer must think about different sizes of displays, 
    and the webpage must be responsive.
    flexbox is 1 dimentional layout element. It has either rows or columns
    Grid is 2 dimentional layout system, it has rows and columns.
    to use flex or grid layouts, on css type display: flex or display:grid for respective element box.
    Forms used in html, when user has to enter data.
    Form uses two types of HTTP verbs, Get and POST.
W1D5 - Java Script for modern web apps
    Java Script is Client side scripting, which  means code does not runs in server but when recieved by browser it runs in browser.
    JS block scoped variables are let and const.
    As JavaScript is functional programming language, we have functional programming features,
    for example we can use map, filter, reduce methods for collections for clean and fast code.
    Semicolons are optional in JavaScript.
W1D6 - GloJS programming env
    There are six global DOM objects in JS: document, history, location, navigator, screen, window.
    With Unobtrusive JavaScript we can separate HTML, CSS, and JavaScript codes into different files and use them together.
    We should not use CSS styling inside of JS.
    Mocha provides automated testing of JavaScript code. 
W2D1 - JavaScript Functional programming
    In JavaScript functions can be assigned to variables, passed as parameter to another function, can be return values.
    There are three most commonly used functional programming methods in JavaScript: map, filter, reduce.
    map, filter, reduce are pure functions, which means they have no side effects.
    For input validation we can use Regular Expression, which is pattern matching tool, supported by almost all programming languages.
W2D2 - Scope, Closure, Encapsulation
    Difference between var and let is, var scope is the nearest function scope, while let is nearest enclosing scope.
    JavaScript has two pass compilers, first one hoists variables and does variable declaration. second phase is JavaScriptengine.
    Make sure function expressions are after function declaration, because Function expressions are not hoisted. 
W2D3 - Modules and Objects.
    For Encapsulation objects are used in JS.
    Objects behave like associative arrays.
    To refer an object's property we must use "this" keyword.

W2D4 - Inheritance
    All objects has their own hidden special property called [[Prototype]], its calue is null or another object.
    To inherit functions of parent class, we use __proto__ .(child.__proto__ = parent;)
    Difference between Constructor functions and regular functions are, 
    constructor functions start with capital letter and executed only with "new" operator.

WAP and SC - As you learn more and go deeper and deeper into web technologies, 
    it will get easier or at least will be possible to solve much bigger,
    world changing problems. Similarly, as you go deeper to your conciousness, 
    and achieve your pure conciousness, 
    you will be able to find better solutions to solve almost all problems in your life.
